Manage account first updates (#2613)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-credits-accounts.md

---

Sumo Logic provides flexible account types within its Cloud Flex Credits packaging for any size organization. A **credit** is a unit of measure that tracks use, whether data ingested (GB), storage, or metrics, throughout a contract period. Credits can be used as needed for your desired purpose. This allows you to carefully manage your account.

This page provides information on the Cloud Flex Credits account types you can choose, and then explains how to monitor and manage your account.

## Cloud Flex Credits - Account Types

You can select from Free, Trial, Essentials, Enterprise Operations, Enterprise Security, or Enterprise Suite Cloud Flex Credits accounts.

* **Free** accounts give you access to most Sumo Logic features, with a credit allocation of 20 credits a day. Credits can be used for log, metrics, and traces, in any combination that meets your needs. The retention period for logs is 7 days. Free accounts allow three users. Free account holders can [upgrade](upgrade-cloud-flex-account.md) to Sumo Logic paid service agreements in the Sumo Logic UI. 

> * **Trial** accounts allow you to try all of Sumo Logic's advanced features to understand how Sumo Logic will fit within your organization before you buy. It includes a credit allocation to support a daily data volume limit of 1 GB per day, with 20 users and 30 days of data retention. If you use up the credits allocated for the trial period before the period ends, Sumo Logic’s [standard throttling mechanism](../ingestion-volume/log-ingestion.md) will be applied to your log ingest, For information on Trial account features, see [Cloud Flex accounts](#cloud-flex-credits---account-types).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Trial** accounts allow you to try all of Sumo Logic's advanced features to understand how Sumo Logic will fit within your organization before you buy. It includes a credit allocation to support a daily data volume limit of 1 GB per day, with 20 users and 30 days of data retention. If you use up the credits allocated for the trial period before the period ends, Sumo Logic’s [standard throttling mechanism](../ingestion-volume/log-ingestion.md) will be applied to your log ingest, For information on Trial account features, see [Cloud Flex accounts](docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-accounts/).  
```

:::

The Account page provides an at-a-glance view of your account information in the following panels.

### Top left panel 

* **Organization.** Displays the name of your Sumo Logic organization, and its hexadecimal organization ID number. This helps Sumo identify your account.
* **Plan Type.** Displays your account type for your Sumo Logic subscription such as Essentials or Enterprise Suite
* **Contract Period.** Displays the start and end dates of your contract period.
* **Live Dashboard Panels and Real Time Alerts Count** A count of all real-time activity in your account.

### Total Credit Usage 

* **Credits Used.** Displays the number of credits used and the percentage used since the beginning of your current contract. 
* **Credits remaining.** Displays number of credits remaining as well as the percentage of credits used since the beginning of your current contract.

### Usage Forecast

The usage forecast gives you an opportunity to see the potential end of the current credtits and an estimate on when those credits will end. 

* **Upgrade Plan** Link to the upgrade account page, where you can message your request for an account upgrade to your account manager.

> * **Forecasted use** Predicts your credit usage by end of the contract period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Forecasted use**. Predicts your credit usage by end of the contract period. 
```

    You must have a role that grants you the View Account Overview capability to view the **Account Overview** tab. 
    :::

   Be aware of the following features:

    * **Details of Credit Usage** allow you to review your consumption by usage categories and credit types.
    * View consumption by day, week, or month. 
    * View consumption by time period. 

>     * Download a 

Author: This is in the older draft.

1. In the Usage Details panel, drag your cursor over the graph intervals you want to analyze in greater detail.

1. To scroll through the data, click the Zoom (magnifying glass) icon to toggle On the Pan feature, then select the background and drag your cursor to the left and right. Optionally, hover the cursor over an area on the chart to view a pop-up with detailed information.

### Monitoring Promotional Credit usage

> You can filter for a focused credit component to assess your Promotional Credit usage, in the same way you [drill into usage data](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-credits-accounts/#monitoring-promotional-credit-usage) for paid credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter for a focused credit component to assess your Promotional Credit usage, in the same way you [drill into usage data](#drilling-into-usage-data) for paid credits.
```
